Arthur does it help have someone to talk
to
[Music]
my mother always tells me to smile and
put on a happy face
she told me I had a purpose to bring
laughter and joy to the world
is it just me
[Music]
or is it getting crazier out there
though your harvies akin smile even
though it's breaking when there are
cloud in the sky
you'll get by but if you see sorrows and
maybe tomorrow
[Music]
what's so funny just freak
[Applause]
Gotham's lost its way
[Music]
what kind of coward would do something
that cold-blooded someone who hides
behind a mask
[Music]
[Applause]
I used to think that my life was a
tragedy
[Music]
it's a comedy
you just
it started with the beat drop that came
in my mind it failed so decisive can't
describe to my kind and I'm the master
of the [ __ ] I created this [ __ ] just a
while yo but now I'm here for the [ __ ] I
gotta tell ya dharmaiah Espania